eddie is a journalist who wants to
expose a millionaire scientist but
somehow ends up fighting against aliens
who want to destroy the world that's why
today on the summarizer venom
the movie starts with a satellite
falling to earth and at the beginning we
already have a problem because in the
crash a sample of some kind of rare
organism or something like that was lost
but since one of the astronauts is still
alive first they concentrate on saving
him the thing is that he was not quite
alive but this thing had gotten inside
him and at that moment it attacks the
doctors and ends up getting into the
body of this unfortunate girl
the next day we see the main character
named eddie waking up with his
girlfriend anne when they plan a date
for that night and there we are told
that apparently this guy is a reporter
and is dedicated to unmasking the bad
guys a while later he arrives at work
greets richard at the reception and goes
directly to talk to his boss who gets
him an interview with drake a
millionaire guy who wants to reaffirm
that his rockets are safe and the crash
was just an accident our character
doesn't like this very much but since he
has no other choice he has to do it that
night he goes out to eat with anne where
he tells her that he doesn't want to
defend people who are not worthy so she
asks him to hold on so he doesn't get
kicked out again but well later they
return home to close the night in the
best way i understood that reference
although in the early morning eddie gets
up to get some water and just in time an
email arrives to ann's computer which is
about a lawsuit against the millionaire
for the murders of three people in a
kind of genetic analysis but well the
next morning we see drake giving a
guided tour for some kids when he's
interrupted by his partner dora because
he has to go change for the interview
kids sorry to leave you ali you're in
charge and here instead of asking about
the rockets eddie accuses him of being a
murderer and gets him kicked out of the
place and clearly his boss doesn't like
him accusing people without a reliable
source so he ends up firing him and as
if that wasn't enough his girlfriend
also gets fired because of him so she
gives him back his engagement ring and
then leaves him at least i'm not getting
stabbed by some random guy on the street
the thing is the poor guy was right
because drake does hide something pretty
shady and we see that the doctor from
the beginning arrives at some kind of
carnival where she kills a bunch of
people and moves on to the body of a
helpless lady six months later we have
the millionaire trying to combine a
rather strange organism with a bunny
where they discover that both have to be
compatible for the symbiosis to work
which is something like a fusion between
two organisms so far so good but at that
moment drake goes crazy and wants to
start testing on humans and although
dora doesn't want to do it he threatens
her and she has no choice but to accept
you're a monster on the other hand eddie
goes to a bar to drown his sorrows but
since drake appears on tv he prefers to
go home on the way he crosses paths with
a girl who lives on the street called
maria and takes the opportunity to buy
something in a store next door he gets
into an argument with the owner of the
store because she recommended him to
meditate and the guy didn't like it very
much but in the middle of the fight a
thief enters and takes all the money
from the cash register although this is
not very important the important thing
is that as soon as he gets home he grabs
a couple of beers and starts looking for
a job but since it doesn't work out very
well he decides to give meditation
another chance and that doesn't work out
either because his neighbor just happens
to play the guitar
and a while later it's time for drake's
first test on humans and since the guy
is a bit nervous he calms him down and
convinces him that he's a hero but it's
no use because as soon as he sees the
thing he goes into crisis and the poor
guy ends up dying in the most painful
way possible that same night eddie
returns to the store from earlier but
his friend is no longer there but he
doesn't pay much attention to that
because dora is waiting for him who
explains that her boss is killing people
on the street to do his tests but our
character is already very resigned so he
tells her that he can't help her and for
some reason he thinks of stopping by his
ex's house and it's not such a good idea
because she just arrives with her new
partner named dan who leaves him alone
to talk there we see that anne is still
angry even though he misses her and
wants to get back together with her so
after the rejection he thinks things
over a bit better and calls dora who
helps him infiltrate the facility and
explains that those weird organisms are
aliens and are called symbiotes or
something like that what the hell is
that after this eddie enters the lab
where he finds a maria kidnapped in a
kind of prison and in an attempt to help
her he breaks one of the glass panes but
the only thing he gets is that she
attacks him and passes that freaky thing
to him still conscious he tries to
escape where he discovers that he now
has some special abilities
later he arrives home a bit shaken and
calls dora to see if she's okay but then
some pretty weird things start happening
to him the problem is that this thing is
no longer in a controlled environment
and on top of that in the street it can
do whatever it wants and although right
at that moment they managed to get a guy
to adapt to the fusion drake is still
quite worried about his symbiote later
eddie comes to his senses and starts
going through the photos among all the
mess he made a moment ago and then he
goes to interrupt his ex's dinner
because she's the only one he trusts
what happens is that in the middle of
all that he has an attack and ends up
scaring everyone you are one sick dude
then as dan is a doctor he takes him to
get an mri but in the process the guy
gets some kind of seizures so he sends
him home to rest and tells him to call
him when he has more information and we
see that things at the lab aren't going
so well either because the man who
managed to adapt to the fusion begins to
agonize and they realize that sounds
like the mri hurt him such poor design
human beings and just at that moment
they discovered dora but we'll leave
that for later meanwhile eddie is trying
to control whatever is inside him when
anne calls to warn him that he has some
kind of parasite which would explain the
vomiting and the voice in his head the
thing is his neighbor is playing music
again and since it's kind of bad for
these creatures eddie's going to ask him
in the best possible way to turn it down
a little whatever
sure man yeah i'll just turn right down
back to dora she apologizes to drake and
he kind of understands but he needs her
to tell him who broke into the lab the
thing is once he finds out who it was he
gets so angry that he ends up leaving
her with one of the organisms to take
care of her and at that same time he
sends a group to eddie's house to
capture him although it's not going to
be so easy because the symbiote takes
control eliminates all the guards that
get in his way and ends up escaping
there he looks at his reflection and
what he sees is not very normal so he
starts to process what is happening to
him while talking to the symbiote but at
that moment drake finds out that he
managed to complete the symbiosis and
goes a little crazy so he needs to
capture him as fast as possible and as
they start chasing him with everything
they have eddie gets on his motorcycle
and starts to run nothing happens though
because now he has a new friend to
protect him from the drones
and in this chase we see all the new
skills of our character which saves his
life more than once and even ends up
exceeding drake's expectations they
still end up running him over but just
when they are about to capture him this
thing completely takes over his body and
manages to escape apparently this
organism has the power to regenerate
itself and for the first time it comes
out of eddie's body and introduces
itself as venom there he explains that
he's going to use it as a vehicle and
tells him that he needs his help
cooperate and you might just survive on
the other hand we see that the lady from
the fair arrives at the airport and her
symbiote shifts into the body of a babe
who crosses by after that dan realizes
that what happens to eddie is much worse
than he thought so he asks ann to take
him to the hospital as fast as possible
later we have drake who doesn't seem too
concerned about his partner's death
because what he really cares about is
that they let his symbiote die once he
killed her meanwhile eddie tries to go
to his old job to give the evidence he
gathered to his boss the thing is that
his friend richard won't let him pass
and as venom wants to eat him he prefers
to leave anyway nothing happens because
now that this thing knows he wants to go
up to the building it helps him without
any problems and they enjoy the view for
a while your world is not so ugly i'm
almost sorry to see you then after a
couple of complications his friend helps
him get into the place where they have a
conversation while eddie leaves the
evidence to the boss and we see that in
the end these two don't get along as bad
as it seems and once he drops off the
information they get the hell out of
there jump
the elevator thing isn't such a good
idea though because as soon as they get
off they have a few guards waiting for
them so venom takes the opportunity to
have some fun and while he's getting rid
of the threats ann shows up and takes
him to the hospital as you can imagine
he's afraid to ride in the same car as
her but since venom likes her he's not
going to do anything to her and for some
reason at that moment this thing becomes
a kind of psychologist and helps him
with his love issues
that's nice at the same time the airport
girl arrives at drake's lab and there
this other organism takes his chance to
get revenge on him once they get into
the hospital dan wants to hospitalize
him because according to his studies he
is dying but venom gets angry and tries
to kill him luckily ann turns on the mri
machine and leaves it on for so long
that it ends up making the thing come
out of his body so they leave it locked
in that room [ __ ] strategy all right
there eddie runs off and dan asks for
explanations but while they're talking
venom takes the opportunity to escape
through the vent and ends up getting
inside this little dog and on top of
that the guards show up at the hospital
and kidnap our character after this
drake starts interrogating him and tries
to make him feel guilty and since he now
also has a symbiote inside him he orders
to kill eddie while he works on bringing
more of those aliens to the planet but
just before they get rid of him venom
appears in anne's body and saves his
life she also ends up returning the
parasite to his body and there he
explains that drake's symbiote is called
riot which is the strongest of them all
and is some kind of leader or something
so they have to go stop him and even
though anne wants to go venom won't let
her because it's too dangerous not today
oh that's [ __ ] then we learn that
venom wants to stop the leader because
if they all take over the earth he's
gonna go back to being a nobody and he
happens to like the life he has on this
planet and we also see drake preparing
for the trip with his new friend but at
that point he starts killing all the
scientists for some reason and that's
when our guys arrive to try to stop him
although it's gonna be a bit complicated
i mean what are our chances pretty much
they still have to make the attempt so a
pretty epic fight happens that ends with
riot literally absorbing venom but
luckily anne arrives to help them and
manages to get the two symbiotes
separated from their hosts so now the
fight is between the humans the thing is
drake gets his friend back and this
doesn't end in a best way for our
character but just at that moment his
friend arrives to revive him and when
the spaceship is taking off he manages
to damage it and then on takeoff he ends
up blowing everything to hell the thing
is even though they get rid of the bad
guys venom loses his life to protect his
host finally eddie and ann solve their
problems and both are offered their jobs
back but he's not interested in going
back because now he has a much better
interview to do but the important thing
is that somehow venom is still inside
him so they have to set some rules to
prevent him from eating anyone but as
the creature is still hungry they go to
the store to buy him something and
luckily for them at that moment the
thief from before arrives so they give
him what he deserves and at the same
time they take the opportunity to fill
his stomach oh and before finishing we
see eddie going to the famous interview
with the serial killer who threatens to
kill everyone but apparently this is
left for the next movie that was venom
comment which series or movie you'd like
me to summarize for future videos see
you later
okay bye
[Music]